Space Development Consulting Limited was formed
in 2003 with the objective of rendering services in
design and build, space remodeling, project and
construction management. It became registered
with the Corporate Affairs Commission in February
2005, and was incorporated in April 2006.
From the onset, we adopted a systems approach
to design and build, which is our core offering -
whereby all projects are broken down into design
resolutions, planning and construction phases.
In this manner, consideration is given to various
factors which affect and influence the design and
build process. From these arise various alternatives
of which a logical option is exhaustively analyzed,
thus ensuring maximum economy in terms of cost,
time and quality. We adopt an integrated approach
to project delivery where by the project’s scope is
defined from a careful identification of its objectives
in terms of time, budget and technical requirements.
Thereafter, detailed planning in terms of the three
indices of measure: cost, time and q uality, is
undertaken to give “life” to the project. We always
identify and clarify with the client what the change
management criteria is, before the implementation phase commences. This
sets the framework for decision
making as the project evolves.
It is only after a satisfactory
action plan is determined that we
proceed to the execution stage,
which almost always requires a
feedback to planning. All that
project experience of progress
in terms of time, quality control,
expenditure as well as scope
changes is encapsulated in a
management report, which is
communicated to the key stake
holders periodically.
Consistently with our philosophy
of giving maximum value to
the client, we have continually
ensured that all our procedures
in both design and project
management are fully computer-
ized.


Competitive Edge
The diversity in knowledge, skills
and experience of our key staff cou-
pled with competence, character
and integrity, which we bring to bear
upon each project in which we are
engaged shines through in the final
product each time.
Decisiveness, responsiveness and
flexibility in service, as well as putting
in place a holistic evaluation, motiva-
tion, and reward system. This ensures
that our staff are not only commit-
ted, but synergistic in the discharge
of their assignments.